Add CLAUDE.md documentation for repository overview (#142)
curiosity-ai/tesserae: CLAUDE.md

# CLAUDE.md

## Repository overview

Tesserae is a C# UI toolkit for building web applications, compiled to JavaScript via the **h5** compiler.

- Core UI components: `Tesserae/src/Components`
- Component factories and helpers: `Tesserae/src/Base/UI.Components.cs`
- Fluent extensions: `Tesserae/src/Extensions`
- Samples and demos: `Tesserae.Tests/`
- Project and build config: `Tesserae/Tesserae.csproj`, `Tesserae/h5.json`

## Installing h5

> Install or update the h5 compiler and templates globally:

Author: ```suggestion
Install or update the h5 compiler globally before getting started:
```

```bash
dotnet tool update --global h5-compiler
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Install or update the h5 compiler and the dotnet serve tool globally before getting started:

```bash
dotnet tool update --global h5-compiler
dotnet tool update --global dotnet-serve
```

```

# CLAUDE.md

## Repository overview

Tesserae is a C# UI toolkit for building web applications, compiled to JavaScript via the **h5** compiler.

- Core UI components: `Tesserae/src/Components`
- Component factories and helpers: `Tesserae/src/Base/UI.Components.cs`
- Fluent extensions: `Tesserae/src/Extensions`
- Samples and demos: `Tesserae.Tests/`
- Project and build config: `Tesserae/Tesserae.csproj`, `Tesserae/h5.json`

## Installing h5

Install or update the h5 compiler and templates globally:

```bash
dotnet tool update --global h5-compiler

> dotnet new install h5.Template

Author: ```suggestion
```
